add plugin install details on manual install (#237)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/guide/1/dbsearch/javascript/index.md

For this example we will use Node.js. You will need to install Node.js and NPM.

Let's create a new project folder called `database-search`:

```bash
    mkdir database-search
```

Now install Kuzzle SDK JS 6:

```bash

>     npm install kuzzle-sdk

Reviewer: You need to do `npm init` prior to installing package otherwise, `npm` will try to find a `package.json` in any parent folder  and add the dependence in it...

>     npm install kuzzle-sdk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    npm init
    npm install kuzzle-sdk
```

```

Now the project configuration is complete, we can create an `index.js` file in the `database-search` folder to program our test.

```bash
    touch index.js
```
## Instanciate Kuzzle

The first thing we need to do is instanciate a Kuzzle object. To do this implement the following code:

[snippet=load-sdk]

## Connect to Kuzzle

We need now to connect to Kuzzle:

[snippet=connect]

## Create an Index, a Collection and some Documents

Now that we have established a connection to Kuzzle, we will create a new Index, a new Collection and two Documents.
To be sure of the result of our search request, if an index already exists we will delete it: 

[snippet=create]

## Search for Document

Now that the documents are created and stored in Kuzzle, let's perform a search that will return the documents that match our query in the result.

To be sure that our search request will find our documents, we need to call the refresh method before.

[snippet=search]

> You're index.js file should now look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your index.js file should now look like this:
```

[snippet=final]

> There you have it, a simple bit of code that connects to Kuzzle, creates two documents and then print the number of documents that match the mountain terrain property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we are, we have a simple bit of code that connects to Kuzzle, creates some documents and then print the number of documents that match a simple search request on the terrain property.
```

For this example we will use Node.js. You will need to install Node.js and NPM.

Let's create a new project folder called `database-search`:

```bash
    mkdir database-search
```

Now install Kuzzle SDK JS 6:

```bash
    npm init
    npm install kuzzle-sdk
```

Now the project configuration is complete, we can create an `index.js` file in the `database-search` folder to program our test.

```bash
    touch index.js
```

> ## Instanciate Kuzzle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Instantiate Kuzzle
```

> The first thing we need to do is instanciate a Kuzzle object. To do this implement the following code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, we need to instantiate a new Kuzzle object. To do this implement the following code:
```

[snippet=load-sdk]

## Connect to Kuzzle

> We need now to connect to Kuzzle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We now need to connect to Kuzzle:
```

[snippet=connect]

> ## Create an Index, a Collection and some Documents

Reviewer 2: Why are index/collection/documents capitalized?

```suggestion
## Create an index, a collection and documents
```

> Now that we have established a connection to Kuzzle, we will create a new Index, a new Collection and two Documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that we have established a connection to Kuzzle, we will create a new index, a new collection and two documents.
```

> To be sure of the result of our search request, if an index already exists we will delete it: 

Reviewer 2: Didn't we just said that we are about to create a new index?
If, for whatever reason, the index already exists, Kuzzle will return to the user following this tutorial a meaningful error anyway. So I think we don't have to make this more complicated than needed, we only need to write this tutorial as if the index do not yet exists.

[snippet=create]

> ## Search for Document

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Search for documents
```

> Now that the documents are created and stored in Kuzzle, let's perform a search that will return the documents that match our query in the result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that the documents are created and stored in Kuzzle, let's perform a search returning the documents that match our query filters.
```

> To be sure that our search request will find our documents, we need to call the refresh method before.

Reviewer 2: I think that this sentence needs to be removed and, instead, add the `refresh: 'wait_for'` option in the document creation snippet. 
A small comment in the snippet should be enough to explain that option, something along this line: `// makes the document creation synchronous`

The main reason being that the `index:refresh` route should be considered harmful and should only be used when absolutely necessary: https://docs-v2.kuzzle.io/api/1/controller-index/refresh/
Thus, I don't think it is a good idea to casually use that route in our beginners guides.

[snippet=search]

Your index.js file should now look like this:

[snippet=final]

> Here we are, we have a simple bit of code that connects to Kuzzle, creates some documents and then print the number of documents that match a simple search request on the terrain property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here we are, we have a simple bit of code that connects to Kuzzle, creates some documents and then prints the number of documents matching a simple search request on the terrain property.
```

To run it, just use node :

```bash
    node index.js
```

> By running this code, the console hsould output the following message:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By running this code, the console should output the following message:
```

```bash

>     There is 1 document that match.

Reviewer 2: I've not yet reviewed the code snippet, but the output should be fixed:

```suggestion
    There are 1 matching documents.
```
